Deferred algorithm (#222)
apple/swift-async-algorithms: Evolution/NNNN-deferred.md

```

## Proposed solution

`AsyncDeferredSequence` provides a way to postpone the initialization of an an arbitrary async sequence until the point of use:

```swift
let deferredSequence = deferred(QuakeMonitor.quakes) // Now, initialization is postponed

...
// at some arbitrary point, possibly hours later...
for await quake in deferredSequence {  //  `Quake.startMonitoring()` is now called
    print("Quake: \(quake.date)")
}
// Prints out only the latest quake data
```

Now, potentially expensive system resources are consumed only at the point they're needed.

## Detailed design

`AsyncDeferredSequence` is a trivial algorithm supported by some convenience functions.

### Functions

```swift
public func deferred<Base: AsyncSequence>(_ createSequence: @escaping @Sendable () async -> Base) -> AsyncDeferredSequence<Base>
public func deferred<Base: AsyncSequence>(_ createSequence: @autoclosure @escaping @Sendable () -> Base) -> AsyncDeferredSequence<Base>
```

The synchronous function can be auto-escaped, simplifying the call-site. While the async variant allows a sequence to be initialized within a concurrency context other than that of the end consumer.

```swift

> public struct AsyncDeferredSequence<Base: AsyncSequence>: Sendable {

Reviewer: I am going to guess that the `Base` MUST be `Sendable`

```swift
extension QuakeMonitor {

    static var quakes: AsyncStream<Quake> {
        AsyncStream { continuation in
            let monitor = QuakeMonitor()
            monitor.quakeHandler = { quake in
                continuation.yield(quake)
            }
            continuation.onTermination = { @Sendable _ in
                 monitor.stopMonitoring()
            }
            monitor.startMonitoring()
        }
    }
}
```

In the supplied code sample, the closure provided to the AsyncStream initializer will be executed immediately upon initialization; `QuakeMonitor.startMonitoring()` will be called, and the stream will then begin buffering its contents waiting to be iterated. Whilst this behavior is sometimes desirable, on other occasions it can cause system resources to be consumed unnecessarily.

```swift
let nonDeferredSequence = QuakeMonitor.quakes //  `Quake.startMonitoring()` is called now!

...
// at some arbitrary point, possibly hours later...
for await quake in nonDeferredSequence {
    print("Quake: \(quake.date)")
}
// Prints out hours of previously buffered quake data before showing the latest
```

> ## Proposed solution

Author: Yes, good point. I've tried to clarify.

> `AsyncDeferredSequence` uses a supplied closure to create a new asynchronous sequence each time it is iterated. This has the effect of postponing the initialization of an an arbitrary async sequence until the point of use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`AsyncDeferredSequence` uses a supplied closure to create a new asynchronous sequence. The closure is executed for each iterator on the first call to `next`. This has the effect of postponing the initialization of an arbitrary async sequence until the point of first demand:
```
